#graphe initial
19 s
jaune_metro jaune_mauve 8_rue_mauve cyan_noir cyan_rouge rouge_metro 10_rue_rouge mauve_vert 22_rue_verte orange_rouge orange_noir noir_rose noir_vert vert_gris vert_metro vert_marron marron_bleu depot 3_rue_marron

jaune_metro 1 jaune_mauve
jaune_mauve 1 8_rue_mauve
jaune_mauve 1 cyan_noir
cyan_noir 1 cyan_rouge
cyan_rouge 1 rouge_metro
rouge_metro 1 10_rue_rouge
10_rue_rouge 1 mauve_vert
8_rue_mauve 1 mauve_vert
mauve_vert 1 22_rue_verte
cyan_rouge 1 orange_rouge
cyan_noir 1 orange_noir
orange_rouge 1 orange_noir
orange_noir 1 noir_rose
noir_rose 1 noir_vert
noir_vert 1 vert_gris
noir_rose 1 vert_gris
vert_metro 1 noir_vert
vert_marron 1 vert_metro
marron_bleu 1 vert_marron
marron_bleu 1 depot
3_rue_marron 1 marro_bleu
vert_metor 1 rouge_metro
rouge_metro 1 jauve_metro
